Psalm 90 a prayer of Moses the man of
Psalm 90 a prayer of Moses the man of God Lord you have been our dwelling
God Lord you have been our dwelling
God Lord you have been our dwelling place in all generations before the
place in all generations before the
place in all generations before the mountains were brought forth where ever
mountains were brought forth where ever
mountains were brought forth where ever you had formed the earth in the world
you had formed the earth in the world
you had formed the earth in the world even from everlasting to everlasting you
even from everlasting to everlasting you
even from everlasting to everlasting you are God you turn man to destruction and
are God you turn man to destruction and
are God you turn man to destruction and say return no children of men for a
say return no children of men for a
say return no children of men for a thousand years in your sight are like
thousand years in your sight are like
thousand years in your sight are like yesterday when it is past and like a
yesterday when it is past and like a
yesterday when it is past and like a watch in the night you carried them away
watch in the night you carried them away
watch in the night you carried them away like a flood
like a flood
like a flood they are like asleep in the morning they
they are like asleep in the morning they
they are like asleep in the morning they are like grass which grows up in the
are like grass which grows up in the
are like grass which grows up in the morning it's flourishes and grows up in
morning it's flourishes and grows up in
morning it's flourishes and grows up in the evening it is cut down and Withers
the evening it is cut down and Withers
the evening it is cut down and Withers for we have been consumed by your anger
for we have been consumed by your anger
for we have been consumed by your anger and by your wrath we are terrified
you have set our iniquities before you
you have set our iniquities before you our secret sins in the light of your
our secret sins in the light of your
our secret sins in the light of your countenance for all our days have passed
countenance for all our days have passed
countenance for all our days have passed away in your wrath we finish our years
away in your wrath we finish our years
away in your wrath we finish our years like a sigh the days of our lives are
like a sigh the days of our lives are
like a sigh the days of our lives are seventy years and if by reason of
seventy years and if by reason of
seventy years and if by reason of strength they are eighty years yet their
strength they are eighty years yet their
strength they are eighty years yet their boast is only labor and sorrow for rate
boast is only labor and sorrow for rate
boast is only labor and sorrow for rate is soon cut off and we fly away who
is soon cut off and we fly away who
is soon cut off and we fly away who knows the power of your anger or as the
knows the power of your anger or as the
knows the power of your anger or as the fear of you
fear of you
fear of you so is your wrath so teach us to number
so is your wrath so teach us to number
so is your wrath so teach us to number our days that we may gain a heart of
our days that we may gain a heart of
our days that we may gain a heart of wisdom return O Lord
wisdom return O Lord
wisdom return O Lord [Music]
[Music]
[Music] how long and have compassion on your
how long and have compassion on your
how long and have compassion on your servants Oh satisfy us early with your
servants Oh satisfy us early with your
servants Oh satisfy us early with your mercy that we may rejoice and be glad
mercy that we may rejoice and be glad
mercy that we may rejoice and be glad all our days make us glad according to
all our days make us glad according to
all our days make us glad according to the days in which you have afflicted us
the days in which you have afflicted us
the days in which you have afflicted us the years in which we have seen evil let
the years in which we have seen evil let
the years in which we have seen evil let your work appear to your servants and
your work appear to your servants and
your work appear to your servants and your glory to their children and let the
your glory to their children and let the
your glory to their children and let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us
beauty of the Lord our God be upon us
beauty of the Lord our God be upon us and establish the work of our hands for
and establish the work of our hands for
and establish the work of our hands for us
us
us yes establish the work of our hands
yes establish the work of our hands
yes establish the work of our hands [Music]